2. "Passion first and everything will fall into place." – Holly Holm 

3. "But I think when we play so often in finals, I think it adds something to the game, you know, because people sometimes miss it and sometimes they don’t have it and they want it, and when they have it, they don’t want it. It’s kind of very strange how that goes." – Roger Federer 

4. "I just want people to see me as a hard-working footballer and someone who is passionate about the game." – David Beckham 

5. "I don’t have to wait for nobody, I move when I wanna move." – Floyd Mayweather 

6. "Never limit yourself, never be satisfied, and smile… It’s free!" – Jennie Finch 

7. "In the end, it’s extra effort that separates a winner from second place. But winning takes a lot more than that, too. It starts with complete command of the fundamentals. Then it takes desire, determination, discipline, and self-sacrifice. And finally, it takes a great deal of love, fairness, and respect for your fellow man. Put all these together, and even if you don’t win, how can you lose?" – Jesse Owens 

8. "The time when there is no one there to feel sorry for you or to cheer for you is when a player is made." – Tim Duncan 

9. "Persistence can change failure into extraordinary achievement." – Matt Biondi 

10. "Pain is temporary. It may last a minute, or an hour, or a day, or a year, but eventually it will subside and something else will take its place. If I quit, however, it lasts forever. That surrender, even the smallest act of giving up, stays with me. So when I feel like quitting, I ask myself, which would I rather live with?" ― Lance Armstrong 

11. "Worrying gets you nowhere. if you turn up worrying about how you’re going to perform, you’ve already lost. Train hard, turn up, run your best and the rest will take care of itself." – Usain Bolt 

12. "I want to be a dad, first and foremost. I want to be a good father. I’ve spent so much of my life on the move and travelling around the world that just to set up a home for my family and be a good dad is something that motivates me." – Ricky Ponting 

13. "For me to get through the toughest periods in my life, I had to look within to find the energy to do it. I don’t give up. Never have. Never will." – Jonah Lomu 

14. "I met a young kid who was undergoing chemotherapy, and Dad would tell me he was on his deathbed. I called him and spoke to him and he’d been watching the races. Then seven months later he was at school, and that’s powered him through. I don’t understand it, but there is power in what we are doing, and power in families being together." – Lewis Hamilton 

15. "You can’t always control circumstances. However, you can always control your attitude, approach, and response. Your options are to complain or to look ahead and figure out how to make the situation better." ― Tony Dungy 

16. "Excellence is not a singular act but a habit. You are what you do repeatedly." – Shaquille O’Neal 

17. "If you can believe it, the mind can achieve it." – Ronnie Lott 

18. "I figure practice puts your brains in your muscles." – Sam Snead 

19. "I learned that if you want to make it bad enough, no matter how bad it is, you can make it." – Gale Sayers 

20. "When I first came on tour, I was playing for money. Now I’m playing to win golf tournaments and the money is more than I ever dreamed I could make." – Annika Sorenstam 

21. "I train so hard to make sure failure doesn’t happen. If I do everything I can, and run as fast as I possibly can and someone still beats me, I don’t think of that as failure." – Marion Jones 

22. "I think self-awareness is probably the most important thing towards being a champion." – Billie Jean King 

23. "Moment of victory is much too short to live for that and nothing else." ― Martina Navratilova 

24. "Irrespective of whether you have the talent or not, one has to work hard. Just being talented doesn’t mean anything; you can end up wasting it before you realize." – Virat Kohli 

25. "The more I practice, the luckier I get." – Gary Player 

26. "When the mind is controlled and spirit aligned with purpose, the body is capable of so much more than we realize." ― Rich Roll 

27. "One of the greatest experiences in life is achieving personal goals that others said would be, ‘impossible to attain.’ Be proud of your success and share your story with others." – Robert Cheeke 

28. "There are no shortcuts—everything is reps, reps, reps." – Arnold Schwarzenegger 

29. "I get nervous about performing 90% of the time. There’s always that little self-doubt, but I don’t let it get to me." – Torrie Wilson 

30. "Leading a healthy, active lifestyle is all about momentum. If I’m in the middle of training it’s easy for me to keep that up. It gets tough when I’m on a break. I just try to start my day with a good breakfast and a quick walk, something simple that gets the day off on the right foot. The more I do that, the more I make healthy choices that reflect the good choices made earlier." — Natalie Coughlin 

31. "You can either stick to your goals, or you can just go through the motions and rest on your status. But it’s all about work." – Kristine Lilly 

32. "When you fail you learn from the mistakes you made and it motivates you to work even harder." – Natalie Gulbis 

33. "The way I’ve been brought up to is take critiques and turn them into positives in my game." – Alex Morgan 

34. "All you can do is be your best self. I’m representing more than just me. I think every person should think that way." – Misty Copeland 

35. "Believe me, the reward is not so great without the struggle." – Wilma Rudolph 

36. "I am no genius; I just worked hard like my other teammates, and I believe all my teammates can win the title as they work hard, too." – Lin Dan 

37. "I could never have gotten back into my career without the undying support of my husband, who works full time at a stressful job!" – Lindsay Davenport 

38. "A good hockey player plays where the puck is. A great hockey player plays where the puck is going to be." – Wayne Gretsky 

39. "I look into their eyes, shake their hand, pat their back, and wish them luck, but I am thinking, ‘I am going to bury you." – Seve Ballesteros 

40. "The way a team plays as a whole determines its success. You may have the greatest bunch of individual stars in the world, but if they don’t play together, the club won’t be worth a dime." – Babe Ruth 

41. "Kill them with success and bury them with a smile." – Usain Bolt 

42. "There may be people that have more talent than you, but there’s no excuse for anyone to work harder than you do." – Derek Jeter 

43. "I’ve had to learn to fight all my life – got to learn to keep smiling. If you smile things will work out." – Serena Williams 

44. "I’ve missed more than 9000 shots in my career. I’ve lost almost 300 games. 26 times, I’ve been trusted to take the game-winning shot and missed. I’ve failed over and over and over again in my life. And that is why I succeed." – Michael Jordan 

45. "In baseball and in business, there are three types of people. Those who make it happen, those who watch it happen, and those who wonder what happened." – Tommy Lasorda 

46. "The most we can hope for is to create the best possible conditions for success, then let go of the outcome. The ride is a lot more fun that way." ― Phil Jackson 

47. "Luck? Sure. But only after long practice and only with the ability to think under pressure." – Babe Zaharias 

48. "I wouldn’t let the boys down, no way. If my arm came off I’d still play." — Jack Bird 

49. "When you lose a couple of times, it makes you realize how difficult it is to win." – Steffi Graf 

50. "It doesn’t matter where you come from and no matter where you are or who you are, you can still make it." – Gift Ngoepe 

51. "I was very against pink and purple when I was young, because they were girls’ colors. But that was only because I didn’t want people to write me off for what I can do. When I got into my 20s, I decided that was stupid." – Danica Parick 

52. "I try not to look too far ahead. I could retire as an anchor, but I see myself as always being busy, and I want that connection to sports." – Linda Cohn 

53. "Labels are for filing. Labels are for clothing. Labels are not for people." ― Martina Navratilova 

54. "You’re always going to be criticized to a degree. Some people didn’t like Mother Teresa as well." – Brendan McCullum 

55. "Character, character, character. First, second and third…we were pretty rusty initially. When you have a break for a few weeks you get a bit of rust." – Graham Henry 

56. "I start early and I stay late, day after day, year after year. It took me 17 years and 114 days to become an overnight success." – Lionel Messi 

57. "I’m always having fun in training and in boxing. I think it’s because boxing is my passion." – Manny Pacquiao 

58. "People want to project their own insecurities on others, but I refuse to allow them to put that on me. Just because you don’t think that you could be the best in the world doesn’t mean that I shouldn’t have the confidence to believe I can do anything." ― Ronda Rousey 

59. "You take a crash, you get back up and next time you succeed and that’s a great feeling." – Shaun White 

60. "I’ve had a lot of drawbacks and setbacks in my career, but no matter what anyone says about me, I’m determined to be the best skier in the world, and no one is going to stop me." – Lindsey Vonn 

61. "I think the hard part is over. Now it’s time for us to play." — Kerri Walsh 

62. "Friendships first, competition second." – Yao Ming 

63. "This whole journey was never about making a roster or being on a team. It was about giving myself an opportunity. I wanted to take a risk, put myself out there and put my faith in action. Faith without action is dead. This whole journey, I’ve never felt so alive." – Jarryd Hayne 

64. "Take your victories, whatever the may be, cherish them, use them, but don’t settle for them." – Mia Hamm 

65. "Aim high and don’t sell yourself short. Know that you’re capable. Understand that a lot of people battle with a lot of things – depression, body image or whatever else – so know that it’s not just you. You’re not alone." – Holly Holm 

66. "I hate saying the old cliches. I like to make my own ones up. You’ve just got to take each game as it comes." – Cory Jane 

67. "You don’t like to see hookers going down on players like that." – Murray Mexted 

68. "The drivers have one foot on the brake, one on the clutch and one on the throttle." – Bob Varsha 

69. "Statistics are like bikinis—they show a lot but not everything." – Lou Piniella 

70. "When my time on earth is gone, and my activities here are passed, I want them to bury me upside down and my critics can kiss my ass!" – Bob Knight 

71. "For me once I go out there to America I’m pretty much representing all of New Zealand because most people haven’t met New Zealand people, so I have to take that into consideration. If I’m a dick, then they’re like New Zealand guys are dicks." – Steve Adams 

72. "I’m in trouble because I’m normal and slightly arrogant. A lot of people don’t like themselves and I happen to be totally in love with myself." – Mike Tyson 

73. "I feel like I’m the best, but you’re not going to get me to say that." – Jerry Rice 

74. "I’m glad I don’t play anymore. I could never learn all of those handshakes." – Phil Rizzuto 

75. "Golf and sex are the only things you can enjoy without being good at them." – Jimmy Demaret 

76. "I enjoy all the oohs! and ahhs! from the gallery when I hit my drives. But I’m getting pretty tired of the awws! and uhhs! when I miss a putt." – John Daly 

77. "Well, we knocked the bastard off!" – Sir Edmund Hillary 

78. "I think he broke his face in the first play of the game, and then he got surgery at half-time and came back to finish the game and they won." — Marshawn Lynch 

79. "When you do something good, the Argentine people really attach themselves to you. They have so many problems back there that they’re looking for somebody to be proud of. I think about that, and I won’t forget it." – Manu Ginobili 

80. "I say this a lot, but every single day I’m living a dream come true." – Michael Phelps 

81. "I wanted to get the fans pumped for the second half, so I sent this tweet: "Need two more dunks on home court for the best crowd ever! #BaylorNation." – Brittney Griner 

82. "My parents always told me to be the same person no matter if you’re No.1 in the world or No. 1000. It doesn’t matter. Always be polite and always be respectful towards others. If people don’t want to be respectful towards me I can’t do anything about it. I’m just going to smile and say ‘I’m sorry you feel that way’, but at the end of the day you can’t make everyone happy." – Caroline Wozniacki 

83. "Sports is the best means of communication between people from different religions and countries." – Yao Ming 

84. "The country is full of good coaches. What it takes to win is a bunch of interested players." – Don Coryell 

85. "One man practicing sportsmanship is far better than 50 preaching it." – Knute Rockne 

86. "The Spirit of Sports: The spirit of sports gives each of us who participate an opportunity to be creative. Sports knows no sex, age, race or religion. Sports gives us all the ability to test ourselves mentally, physically and emotionally in a way no other aspect of life can. For many of us who struggle with ‘fitting in’ or our identity – sports gives us our first face of confidence. That first bit of confidence can be a gateway to many other great things!" – Dan O’Brien 

87. "I want to be a giving woman and just a nice person in general." – Serena Williams 

88. "Negativity and Hulkamania – 2 things that don’t go together." – Hollywood Hulk Hogan 

89. "Float like a butterfly, sting like a bee. The hands can’t hit what the eyes can’t see." – Muhammad Ali 

90. "The one thing I said all along in the build-up (to game three when the ages of many Maroons players were heavily questioned) is you cannot buy understanding. It either exists or it doesn’t." – Wally Lewis 

91. "Ask not what your teammates can do for you. Ask what you can do for your teammates." – Magic Johnson 

92. "Sports teaches you character, it teaches you to play by the rules, it teaches you to know what it feels like to win and lose-it teaches you about life." – Billie Jean King 

93. "My purpose is to go over there and to see if I can keep bringing sports. I’m hoping it opens doors for us." – Dennis Rodman 

94. "I believe golf can solve the worlds problems and stop war." – Arnold Palmer 

95. "I always tell kids, you have two eyes and one mouth. Keep two open and one closed. You never learn anything if you’re the one talking." – Gordie Howe 

96. "After what I did yesterday, you feel quite embarrassed … It was a very weird, surreal feeling this morning," – Ernie Els 

97. "Fans still talk about my big white scrunchie, which became iconic in its own right. I loved that scrunchie and its little sparkles that Peggy glued on herself. Without my scrunchie, I wouldn’t have felt ready to compete. (Yes, I still have it.)" ― Shannon Miller 

98. "Three hundred and eighty matches a year. And I loved it. I couldn’t get enough of it." – Ric Flair in To Be The Man

99. "At this level, with so many physical talents all capable of doing the same things, the mental side was the separator." – Dirk Hayhurst in Bigger Then The Game

100. "I continued to call every week until I finally caught him. I think it’s safe to say that this is where I began to learn that persistence pays off." – Justin Roberts in Best Seat In The House

101. "Nothing is every predetermined. It’s a constant reminder to work hard, stay focused and never believe that your future is assured." – Tim Cahill

102. "It didn’t matter what obstacle was in front of us, we’d always carry on to the end. ‘Foxes never quit’ is the slogan above the tunnel at the King Power Stadium, and we followed that to the letter." – Jamie Vardy

103. "The sportsman has something special inside of him that takes over in difficult situations. I was driven on by the desire, the passion, the feeling, and the pride of being a footballer." – Andre Iniesta

104. "We all come from the same kind of families, that struggled and fought. And if you bring together people whose mentalities and experiences are the same, whose obsessions are shared, you have a big advantage." – Luis Suarez

105. "In every game you play you face players also trying their best to win and to fulfil their own lifelong ambitions and dreams. As much as you try, sometimes things go wrong. There are things that are beyond our control. That’s why we always have to be physically and mentally prepared to the best of our ability, because when it’s your turn, you have to give all you can. And you may never get another chance." – Neymar Jr.

106. "It’s crucial to me that if I can personally change something, that’s what I’ll do. But with actions, not by talking big. I know that my visit didn’t make the world a better place, and it would be naïve to think so. But I’m proud to have given those children a brief moment of happiness." – Mesut Ozil

107. "It is only natural that you will be disappointed when you make a mistake. But you cannot allow the negativity to consume you, just as you cannot get too excited when you have had a special game or pulled off a great save. They are just two sides of the same coin and sometimes the coin goes for you and on other occasions, it goes against you." – Pepe Reina

108. "In order to pass through such a narrow gate, it is important to have a clear vision of how you’re going to reach a higher standard from an early stage in your development. How far you go depends to a large extent on how high you set your goal as well as the actions you take to reach it." – Maya Yoshida 
